Comment on julia installation location with juliaup installer (#4)
JuliaHPC/juliahpc.github.io: website/user_faq.md

[⤴ _**back to Content**_](#content)

## Julia installed from juliaup not found in a non-interactive job

> The installation path of the `julia` executable will be added to your `~/.bashrc` by [juliaup](https://github.com/JuliaLang/juliaup). If the job scheduler does not load `.bashrc` in non-interactive jobs, you can find out the installation path by starting the Julia REPL and type `Sys.BINDIR`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The installation path of the `julia` executable will be added to your `~/.bashrc` by [juliaup](https://github.com/JuliaLang/juliaup). If the job scheduler does not load `.bashrc` in non-interactive jobs, you must use the full path to `julia` in your job script. You can find out the full path by starting the Julia REPL and typing `Sys.BINDIR`. By default, it should be `~/.juliaup/bin/julia`.
```

Author: I'm not sure about the default path you wrote down. On my Linux laptop, it's
`~/.julia/juliaup/julia-1.10.5+0.x64.linux.gnu/bin/julia`
I'll be happy to adopt other changes you suggested.

Reviewer: Well, that path I mention points to the `julia` wrapper provided by `juliaup` (the one that allows you to select the Julia version to launch, for example, `julia +1.8`). Your path points to one specific version of Julia.

I think mentioning `~/.juliaup/bin/julia` makes more sense because 1) it is independent of the Julia version and 2) is what you use when you run `julia` in an interactive job or on the login node. (Check `which julia` on a login node)
